[lit-html] Add dev mode warning when static values are detected in non static templates (#4345)
lit/lit: .changeset/six-planets-notice.md

---
'lit': patch
'lit-html': patch
---

> Add a dev mode warning if a static value such as `literal` or `unsafeStatic` is detected within the non-static `html` template. These should only be used with the static `html` template imported from `lit-html/static.js` or `lit/static-html.js`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a dev mode warning if a static value such as `literal` or `unsafeStatic` is detected within the non-static `html` tag function. These should only be used with the static `html` tag function imported from `lit-html/static.js` or `lit/static-html.js`.
```
